[RFC] CONTRIBUTING.md: describe adoption/orphaning policy and procedure (#45207)
void-linux/void-packages: CONTRIBUTING.md

    $ xgensum -i <pkgname>

### Adopting a template

> If a template is orphaned (maintained by `orphan@voidlinux.org`) or the current `maintainer` has not contributed in a long
> time (over a year), template maintainership can be adopted by someone else. To ensure a template gets the care it needs,
> template adopters should use the package in question and have a history of contributing changes to that template (updating
> the template several times, for example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a template is orphaned (maintained by `orphan@voidlinux.org`) or the current `maintainer` has not made contributions to Void in at least a year, template maintainership can be adopted by someone else. To ensure a template gets the care it needs, users wishing to adopt a template should be familiar with the package and have an established history of contributions to Void. Those who have contributed several updates, especially for the template in question, are good candidates for adoption.
```

Reviewer 2: My take:
```suggestion
If a template is orphaned (maintained by `orphan@voidlinux.org`) or the current maintainer has not made contributions to Void in at least a year, the template can be orphaned or adopted by someone else. To ensure a template gets the care it needs, users wishing to adopt a template should be familiar with the package and have an established history of contributions to Void. Those who have contributed several updates, especially to the template in question, are good candidates for adoption.
```

It is best to adopt a template when making another change to it. When adopting the template, add your name or username
and email to the `maintainer` field in the template, and mention the adoption in your commit message, for example:

    libfoo: update to 1.2.3, adopt.

### Orphaning a template

If you no longer wish to maintain a template, you can remove yourself as maintainer by setting the `maintainer` field in

> the template to `Orphaned <orphan@voidlinux.org>`. The commit message should mention this, for example:

Reviewer 2: Might also want to mention that a package can be orphaned without having to make another change to the template?

    $ xgensum -i <pkgname>

### Adopting a template

> If a template is orphaned (maintained by `orphan@voidlinux.org`) or the current `maintainer` has not contributed to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a template is orphaned (maintained by `orphan@voidlinux.org`) or the current maintainer has not contributed to
```

Author: I code-quoted it to indicate that it's the variable in the template

Reviewer 2: Fine then.

Void in over a year, template maintainership can be adopted by someone else. To ensure a template gets the care it needs,
template adopters should be familiar with the package and have an established history of contributions to Void.
Those who have contributed several updates, especially for the template in question, are good candidates for template
maintainership.

It is best to adopt a template when making another change to it. When adopting the template, add your name or username
and email to the `maintainer` field in the template, and mention the adoption in your commit message, for example:

    libfoo: update to 1.2.3, adopt.

### Orphaning a template

If you no longer wish to maintain a template, you can remove yourself as maintainer by setting the `maintainer` field in
the template to `Orphaned <orphan@voidlinux.org>`. The commit message should mention this, for example:

    libfoo: orphan.

It is not necessary to make other changes to the template when orphaning, and incrementing the revision (triggering a

> rebuild) is not necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
rebuild) is not necessary either.
```

After this it's good to go for me.
